Well, this is Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
I know you know that story.
There was three children from the land of Israel, Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
They took a trip into the land of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
Nebuchadnezzar was the king of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
He took a lot of gold and he made an idol, Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
And he told everybody when you hear the music of the cornet and the flute,
And a harp.
Well, you must fall down and worship the idol.
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
But the children of Israel would not bow down.
Couldn't fool him with a golden idol.
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
I said you couldn't fool him with a golden idol.
So the king put the children in the fiery furnace.
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
Heaped on the coals and the red-hot brimstone.
Seven times hotter, hotter than it ought to be.
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
Burnt up the soldiers the king had put there.
But the Lord said an angel with snowy white wings down in the middle of the furnace.
Talking to the children about the power of the gods.
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
Well, he couldn't even burn the hair on the head of Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego, laughing and talking while the fire boys were jumping.
Meshach, Abednego.
And the old neighbor could never call hey there when he saw the power of the Lord.
And he had a big time in the house of battle.
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego.
Oh, oh, oh, Abednego.
There you is, Professor, there you is.